everyone so this video is going to be a
really quick little tip kind of on color
correcting if you don't know what color
correcting is basically that just means
there are we have all have like certain
undertones in our skin and like when we
have like blemishes and things of that
sort the bags under our eyes and dark
spots on our face or if you have any
redness and the cheeks anything like
that that in like you know blue veins
whatever any discoloration that you see
going on in your face there are colors
that basically combat that and can
cancel that out so it's kind of like the
color will and then like the opposite
colors basically cancel each other out
on the color will so if you have redness
going on like on your cheeks are
anywhere on your face you'll want to use
some type of green color corrector and
now basically cancel out all that green
all that green it would cancel out the
red and then from there you would just
go on and put your basic makeup on on
top what I'm doing in this video is
basically color correcting or dark spots
sorry if you can hear that time or
outside so I will be color correcting
for darkness on the face dark spots dark
areas which is really really good for
like women of color but this can wear
too if your even light eye skin but you
have like dark brown spots on your face
this can help to cancel out those dark
spots so I actually got this tip from
Fatima who's actually a mac makeup
artist and she did a video on this on
the max YouTube channel so that's where
I got this idea from cuz I was like wow
I have that um lipstick so it's a easier
way to kind of create your own color
corrector corrector without going out
and spending any money so all you
basically need is your everyday
concealer and then you need some type of
orange
lipstick make sure it doesn't have any
shimmer or anything like that orange has
been very very popular recently so I'm
sure most of you have some type of
orange lipstick but just make sure that
it doesn't have any shimmer anything
like that going on try to make sure it's
like a flat orange this is more Onge and
this is from Mac this is actually the
one that she used in a video I didn't go
out and buy this because that I actually
had bought this lipstick already at like
the beginning of summer and I love it
it's actually really really gorgeous
it's Mac's like brightest orange color
but it's really pretty
anyway she used this a color corrector
concealer so I'm going to show you the
difference between using a color
corrector and just using your basic
concealer so first I'm going to start
off by applying my regular concealer NW
40 by Mac to my under-eye area I haven't
applied any concealer yet they're lovely
how this not just came out okay
and I have an NW concealer not just
because it's like you know the same area
that my foundation is in but I got NW
because anytime you want to cover up
dark circles especially under the eyes
you want to use something with a warm
undertone which most like most of the
time these this has a orange undertone
to it like if you swatch it on your hand
or something you will see that it has
like a orange undertone to it and that
orange base in here that salmon face in
there will help to cancel out a lot of
that darkness that is normally there but
you can see that just basically is gone
just by using this but I'm gonna show
you the difference between just using
this by itself versus using a color
corrector with this to really cancel out
the darkness that's right there because
lately my under-eye bags have been going
crazy so make sure you disinfect your
lipstick first before using this because
you don't want lip terms by your eyes
and I'm just going to get some of my
concealer and I'm just going to Pat that
I really get here because this is where
I really have like the darkness is like
right in this area here go in there
and I'm just gonna take my brush and go
over it and smooth it out and now you
can see the difference you can see that
there's no darkness here where I add it
in that orange but yet you can see a
dark shadow here see that so there is
the difference this is definitely a lot
brighter and completely canceled of its
darkness compared to this one so I'm
just going to go ahead and do the same
thing again just to make sure just to
get these to look alike
you can also use this whenever you want
to highlight under the eyes I'm gonna
just put that right there where a lot of
that darkness is and of course from here
now you would just go ahead and set your
concealer with a translucent powder and
that's basically it so I'm going to just
now just do any areas that just need
some color correcting which is around my
mouth and most women of color have like
this dark thing around mouth whatever
that's I think it's just like the
shading of our skin
so that is how you completely cancel out
those dark circles with on things that
you already have but if you do have a
color corrector and you just never used
it or whatever that's how you use it so
like I say you can see that darkness is
gone you can still see my bags because I
just have fatty pockets under my eyes
but at least I don't look like I haven't
gotten any sleep in years so um hope you
guys found that helpful of course if you
have any questions anything like that go
ahead and link them down below and
thanks so much for watching and I'll see
you in my next video